---
layout: post
title:  "Description"
date:   2019-12-10 11:20:22 +0100
categories: jekyll update
---
With 7.7 billion people around the world in 2019, food demand outbreak has raised serious concerns regarding productive agricultural land availability. As for now cultivable surface expansion has been the only real solution, this project aims at providing insights on how this problematic is currently shaping the world’s surface as we know it. 
Investigation will first focus on the kind of environment that are being impinged on. Moving on to the “destructive” impact of certain foodstuffs and diet trends, correlating with international trade flows. This study relies on FAOSTAT data set from the United Nation, helping us in the process.
We endeavor at providing an exhaustive visualization of the world under growing food reshaping pressure. Key features will be surface evolution across time and space, selected crops impact as well as involved parties and areas. Tackling all of the above with both social awareness and self consciousness concerns.



You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
